the main engine parts are the cylinder
for clarity, we will cut it from above
cylinder head will be installed
cylinder it is already cut and have
hole into which is inserted
The spark plug also has channels for
the intake of combustible mixture into the cylinders
engine and burnt release
exhaust gas
these channels will close
respectively, in the start me valve
and exhaust valve
the next very important detail is
piston piston rings connecting rod
which has a top head not
split and lower split head
the connecting rod is connected to the piston by
piston pin
crankshaft engine which has
two bearing necks are also called
indigenous to these necks
crankshaft rotates
and crank neck which will be
connecting rod
let the bottom cover of the connecting rod and with
using bolts and nuts
reliably fasten this connection all these
we reduce parts in one unit
extreme upper piston position
called the top dead.
extreme lower piston position
called the bottom dead.
distance between dead spots
called piston stroke
volume above the piston when it is in
top dead center is called volume
combustion chambers are the most important volume
located between dead spots
called the working volume the working volume
cylinder
very important indicator from which
power will depend on the motor such
way the larger working volume
cylinder the more engine power
we reviewed the overall device
single cylinder engine
However, in reality, the machines put
multi cylinder engines two to
eight cylinders
working principle of such an engine we will
consider on the next video lesson
which is called the principle of operation
engine and now again think about
engine displacement and so the amount
working volume of all engine cylinders
called displacement or displacement
engine
engine capacity is measured in
liters and for example cars
depending on the size of the worker
engine capacity
may be very small class
small middle class and
cars with very powerful engines
belong to a large class